README.md, before:

## <a name="tech-stack">Tech Stack</a>

- Next.js
- Next Auth
- TypeScript
- JSON Web Token
- GraphQL
- Grafbase
- Cloudinary
- Tailwind CSS
- Headless UI

## <a name="features">Features</a>

**Modern Design Home Page**: Features a clean and modern design resembling Dribbble, with a visually appealing interface showcasing project previews and navigation.

**Browsing and Pagination**: Browse different projects, filter them by category, and experience smooth pagination for seamless data exploration.

**Authentication & Authorization System**: A fully functional authentication and authorization system allows users to log in securely using JWT and Google authentication.

**Create Post Page**: Provides a dedicated space for users to share their projects with the community. It includes fields for project details, images, and other relevant information.

**Project Details and Related Projects**: A detailed view with related projects functionality, enabling users to explore more projects within the same category or theme.

**Edit and Re-upload Images**: Users have the capability to edit previously created projects, including the ability to re-upload images from their devices to the cloud for updates.

**Delete Projects**: The delete functionality simplifies project removal with a one-click process, streamlining the user experience.

**Portfolio-Style User Profile Page**: The user profile page adopts a portfolio-style layout, displaying the user's projects along with the project profiles of other users for easy exploration.

**Backend API Routes**: Backend API routes for handling JWT token management for secure authentication and image uploading, supporting seamless integration with the frontend.

and many more, including code architecture and reusability 

## <a name="quick-start">Quick Start</a>

Follow these steps to set up the project locally on your machine.

**Prerequisites**

Make sure you have the following installed on your machine:

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (Node Package Manager)

**Cloning the Repository**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/DrawingNea/project-app.git
cd project-app
```

**Installation**

Install the project dependencies using npm:

```bash
npm install
```

**Set Up Environment Variables**

Create a new file named `.env` in the root of your project and add the following content:

```env
MONGODB_API_URL=
MONGODB_API_KEY=
GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=
NEXTAUTH_SECRET=
NEXTAUTH_URL=
CLOUDINARY_NAME=
CLOUDINARY_API_KEY=
CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET=
```

Replace the placeholder values with your actual credentials. You can obtain these credentials by signing up on the corresponding websites from [Google Cloud](https://console.cloud.google.com), [Cloudinary](https://cloudinary.com/), and [Grafbase](https://grafbase.com/).

For the Next Auth secret, you can generate any random secret using [crytool](https://www.cryptool.org/en/cto/openssl).

**Running the Project**

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to view the project.

## <a name="links">Links</a>

Assets used in the project [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1l3_LHBjWOXokxlTIUJAyMp4gBoUHP_H4/view)

Commit message:

Add Atlas MongoDB Cloud Service to ReadMe

README.md, after:

## <a name="tech-stack">Tech Stack</a>

- Next.js
- Next Auth
- TypeScript
- JSON Web Token
- GraphQL
- Grafbase
- Cloudinary
- Tailwind CSS
- Headless UI

## <a name="features">Features</a>

**Modern Design Home Page**: Features a clean and modern design resembling Dribbble, with a visually appealing interface showcasing project previews and navigation.

**Browsing and Pagination**: Browse different projects, filter them by category, and experience smooth pagination for seamless data exploration.

**Authentication & Authorization System**: A fully functional authentication and authorization system allows users to log in securely using JWT and Google authentication.

**Create Post Page**: Provides a dedicated space for users to share their projects with the community. It includes fields for project details, images, and other relevant information.

**Project Details and Related Projects**: A detailed view with related projects functionality, enabling users to explore more projects within the same category or theme.

**Edit and Re-upload Images**: Users have the capability to edit previously created projects, including the ability to re-upload images from their devices to the cloud for updates.

**Delete Projects**: The delete functionality simplifies project removal with a one-click process, streamlining the user experience.

**Portfolio-Style User Profile Page**: The user profile page adopts a portfolio-style layout, displaying the user's projects along with the project profiles of other users for easy exploration.

**Backend API Routes**: Backend API routes for handling JWT token management for secure authentication and image uploading, supporting seamless integration with the frontend.

and many more, including code architecture and reusability 

## <a name="quick-start">Quick Start</a>

Follow these steps to set up the project locally on your machine.

**Prerequisites**

Make sure you have the following installed on your machine:

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (Node Package Manager)

**Cloning the Repository**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/DrawingNea/project-app.git
cd project-app
```

**Installation**

Install the project dependencies using npm:

```bash
npm install
```

**Set Up Environment Variables**

Create a new file named `.env` in the root of your project and add the following content:

```env
MONGODB_API_URL=
MONGODB_API_KEY=
GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=
NEXTAUTH_SECRET=
NEXTAUTH_URL=
CLOUDINARY_NAME=
CLOUDINARY_API_KEY=
CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET=
```

Replace the placeholder values with your actual credentials. You can obtain these credentials by signing up on the corresponding websites from [Google Cloud](https://console.cloud.google.com), [Cloudinary](https://cloudinary.com/), and [Grafbase](https://grafbase.com/).

This project used MongoDB as a backend. You can get a free cluster that contains your database using [Atlas](https://cloud.mongodb.com).

For the Next Auth secret, you can generate any random secret using [crytool](https://www.cryptool.org/en/cto/openssl).

**Running the Project**

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to view the project.

## <a name="links">Links</a>

Assets used in the project [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1l3_LHBjWOXokxlTIUJAyMp4gBoUHP_H4/view)
